<3 friends forever
I've also been 400-600 mmr forever lol; if anyone has any tips would appreciate
i wish i cud enter i only 12 and i hate it if it always 16 or 18 to enter a compotion
cool, so what? There's 2 different pics with 3 full mules, you're such a hater lol
I usually dont get tired till about 2 hour before I have to get up.
i got it and when i started playing i started to think 'this game is for girls' (the macho man in me)  if u do get it i would also strongly recommend u to play at least 4 hrs of it before u let it go
No it's part of the game since before 2007
So I made a new character and got my dude to Level 90, but I wanted to mix it up and go about accomplishing feats and quests in a more comprehensive way
Tacticool Cosplaying Sealteam6 dudes who attach so much bulky shit to the rails that they can't hold the weapon without one
i know a lot of people i used to play with quit because of the early access heroes and the amount of new heroes that powercreeped the originals, make a classic game mode with ~2009 hero selection would be great
RFC is good item only when u aint going  for crit build, cuz it gives u good flat stats + and great range, yet since vayne is about 3shot enemy squishy with 1-2 crits in this, u need to go into PD or static, to provide that good burst
woot I want to switch between my virtualized desktops using the 3d cube.
There are 46^8 passwords possible, but you start with words, then you do words with numbers or symbols around them, then you do words with leet substitutions, then you do words with leet substitutions and symbols around them.    It's probably only feasible if you've got the hash of the password, because attempting that many logins would probably take forever
leet T9 SkillZ
Too many kiddies thinking they're going to go pro by "being the best Genji evar look at my 200 hours on him" so sorry but under 1% of the player base ever makes it to pro status, and wake up call, no team would ever want someone that can only play a Hanzo or a Genji or a Tracer
TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF UR LIFE.HOWEVER IF U DONT POST THIS COMMENT TO ATLEAST 3 VIDEOS U WILL DIE IN 2 DAYS.NOW UV STARTED READIN THIS SO DONT STOP NOW!THIS IS SOOO SCARY.SEND THIS TO ATLEAST 5 VIDEOS IN 143 MINUTES WHEN UR DONE PRESS F6 AND UR CRUSSHES NAMEWILL APPEAR ON THE SCREEN IN BIG LETTERS THIS IS SOO SCARY CUZ IT ACTUALLY WORKS!!!!!!!!
What time Monday does new week reset to in Lyft?  tomorrow morning 7-9 am there is usually peak but schedule didn't show it.
Enjoy being broke cos u paid $5000 for a grafix car d wen consol comes w/ 1 for free aLL less than £500..
If you plan on playing online with other human beings there's 2 rules to follow:  1: DONT SHOOT! Just because you have the ball doesn't mean you need to score
if u dont (?) in 420 seconds u will (?)!!?!!?1???!11??!one1?
Dude $30 is heaps cheap, that must work out to just a couple of bucks an hour
Tapped on the shoulder by the baton, sorry, ur not cool, ur not smart, and this is actually code that u smell like bad cheese! Now everyone knows!  Post this on 10 other uni subreddits, or ur gonna get tapped on the shoulder by a baton when u graduate!
But since ti3 with the winning of A and their 'Rat Strat', everyone start give more attention to draft/strategy part of the game (items, lane, all push, jungle, split push etc)
Also, is keeping my Malygos worth for anything or should I dust for the sweet 1600?
I also hope my 2 little puppies live forever
Despite 40$ forever covfefe, we are all Monero
at the top, I met with the ancient monks of gaming, who challenged me to three games: pong, street fighter 2, and halo (the last monk just got his title, all  the others call him noob since he is only 150 years old and plays halo)  after defeating them all, I had to speed run through Ghosts n goblins, all the Mario games, the original donkey kong, and battletoads
Besides waiting 3 weeks and if no hatch action, you have a unfertilized egg? hmm      Guess I'm just an egg noob
In other words, we only have to build 99 more before we can call the Sun a stupid noob
Why would the govt blow up WTC 7, when all it would take to bring their conspiracy to light is some noobs on the internet?    The building had to fall some way, and it happened to fall "symmetrically", whatever that's supposed to mean concerning building collapses.
This doesn't make sense mate liquid got top 4 and 2nd at back to back majors
# 7 confirmed thx mate
10+ hours a day ? Are u retarded mate the server would be done already if that was the case that would be over 1000 hours already and there no way the did that :3
Of course , i could never know if there really was a technical issue or not, but there winners notification email stated i had 5 days to reply
I forgot this, I need to replay FO3 again !!:(
I'll wait for other offers They still going for around 80?
someone kaijued a towers when kaijus were just realised and everyone was like wait can you actually kill the most problematic monster of 2015 just like that? not that insane right now but at the time it was crazy
prob is you have to wait like waiting for half life 3 .
farm 3 of them will take me too long,,, Thinking about combining them into 1 LOL!  Thanks for your help, dude!
Just put my bet on g2 ahahha odds swaying people actually thinking roccat will win lol
why would you bet on that? its like saying "I bet 1+1 = 2" lol
I may actually attend session 2 today
TIL edit: im 1 of the lucky 10,000 today
>IE 5.0 - IE 6.0sp1    It might even only by IE 6.0sp1.    >I can only figure that Yahoo is selectively serving up content based upon the user's browser, unless I'm missing something really obvious here.    That would be a smart way to deal with the relative minority of borked browsers out there. 
nooooooooo just 4th spirit is teased not sure weather he is hero or not
Is anyone have captured Stahn ? Already do 5 times the dungeon but not a single of him
How tf did you beat that ark lv10 ?!! It's so hard !
Also: Wow Arya, you killed the Waif T-1000! xD You are now finally, and for the 50th time, officially, No One™
Wow de devil is nao leakin from roadblacks  but srsly the real number is 600+16 (still does nothing)
51 percent+ to be consldered for your appeal, otherwlse lt's auto denled (they won't check the box lf auto denled)   lt makes sense, you can almost get 51 percent+ from soclal englneerlng someones lnfo from them tbh
halberd can be good but u needed silveredge and satanic in place of pike&halberd , both of those items are good but in late game u need best possible items , silveredge against bkb sven / tide is awesome & with bkb its certain satanic will come in play 9/10 times if not i'll suggest linkens instead of silveredge (satanic and silveredge both boost your damage insanely and with bkb its reliable and u can 1vs3 , if u didnt get controlled)
Will checl later today!
That's a perfectly valid opinion, hater
I downvoted because im a hatr and i want em all and for u to give them to me for free because i dont wanna work for it.
There's a Winterfell reference to be made in here somewhere, I just can't find it...Winter is Coming WOOT
do joo wan a cookie
dude, if I could upvote your comment more than once, I would.
Once that word comes out of any dude's mouth, he is CUT OFF from me forever.
say later skater...enjoy sledding down volcanoes with your time off
he was a skater boi i said cya later boi
Do not leet-speak unless leet spoken to.
Ah, is that a new form of leet speak I see? How rad of you to share it with us, mad skillz, my human friend, mad skills.
I bet the very friendly manager would also let someone with heavy bleeding die if they asked to use the phone to call an ambulance.    *with nasal voice*    Sorry, but rulez is rulez.
Actually my third choice is Edwards, but thanks for thinking of me.    U R A GREAT FRIEND! ((((HUGS!)))) :)
lern to rite proper    Also, putting lol in capitals, when you'd normally put it in lower-case does not a powerful argument make.
I think you mean pwned!    /spelling nazi
YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M SAYING
The idiot can't read
Oh noes! Google has gone to teh dark side!!!!!1!
Lisp rox, Haskell is cool, PHP sux! Lolz1!
Nobody's going to wind up hacking teh facebookz over this.    The most interesting thing I noticed was a bit of business logic about who gets the "Corporate Search" box 
oh i ws concerned bc i did not hv a leash of my own  once upon a time i was lonely for tomorrow
if what you're saying is true, I could legitimately just ask nicely for a blood sample and they'd all use it as an excuse to slit each other's necks
Oh no its mad
just for fun bro
he's smashed my shit up ripped up items told me I was nothing and I have no one and I'm always going to be that way and that he feels sorry for me, and now I believe him
wut kinda gifts does he like? do him a favor and save him the hassle of me figurin it out the long way
love winz
do you look like dis?
i relate straight appreciate nd congratulate
wow so edgyy
It's kind of annoying to have to read through ascii documentation for the install that reads like this: "First install perl then install this script and yo shit will be secure and stuff"  - And..
How nerdy do you like it¿ I do have a lot of it ;-)
python is N ur iPhone, model-view-controlling ur callz
prActicE foR raNsoM noTeS
And you will know I am the lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.”
Let it be known, if the tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my janus key
Sorry if i didn't' make you h appy, notice i'm duing this to prrove my po i nt i don't reaaly care abut my , writing,,, on, redit
ForGeT WhaT YoU Have jUsT seeN.
ahahaha good one dude i can't believe ohio state didn't even score a point gooooooooooooo raiders lol btw don't pay players because i'm in debt :(
THAT WAS VERY IMPRESSIVE!
It started with a devotion to Minecraft, rage comics and being QuiRKy n' RAnDom
Tank u for tips on becom gud player
Those children are all gonna die here
shut it and pick a side
u/ kno nothing jon snow
> Unfortunately, the rails community is largely populated (infested?) by ex-php "coderz"    joo will phear us!  and joo misspelled coderz
it means 'i love you' in dinosaur!1!!111!!!
OBVIOUSLY UR NOT LEET NUF TO UDNERSTAND    ------    Or perhaps it's a parody.
lol, classmate pwned!
